Add information on property files for contact forms (#292)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/reference/forms/contact.md

Convert and build the contact forms into your application using the `convert-contact-forms` and `upload-contact-forms` actions in `medic-conf`.

> `medic-conf --local convert-contact-forms upload-contact-forms`

> Starting in cht-core release 3.10, we can now use property files in contact forms to help with flxibly showing/hiding them based on an expression or permission as specified in the [app form schema]({{< ref "apps/reference/forms/contact#formsappform_namepropertiesjson" >}}).

Reviewer: Typo, and slight rewording.

```suggestion
Starting in cht-core release 3.10, we can now configure property files in contact forms to show or hide them based on an expression or permission as specified in the [app form schema]({{< ref "apps/reference/forms/contact#formsappform_namepropertiesjson" >}}).
```
